= mycroft

mycroft and mycroftd will help me manage my server(s).
Sure, I could use Heroku for everything, and you probably should, 
but I can be a lazy guy, and like to put heug static filez in my
repos sometimes. Plus my servers, balloons, fiesta, and cake, like
to run node and php sites too.

Also, my clients (read: friends) don't use git, and like to Apple-K
into the server to manage their webshitz. But, as the server grows,
I don't want to ssh-in all the fucking time — mycroft alleviates
this responsibility by doing things like:

* Revarnishing websites.
* Restarting nginx.
* Reloading nginx.
* Resetting permissions. 
* Automagickly setting up Wordpress. 
* Changing sftp passwordz.

=== Why not use cpanel?

cpanel sux.

==== Why does cpanel sux?

it's ugly and old.

=== Why not use webmin?

I already dew that.    

== Examples

None yet. 

== ok. 

Also, I'm already kinda drunk.




== Contributing to mycroft
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Austin Bales. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

